Add additional Snackbar WinUI notes (#55)
MicrosoftDocs/CommunityToolkit: docs/maui/alerts/snackbar.md

1. The API allows override existing methods with your own implementation or even create your own Snackbar, by implementing `ISnackbar` interface.
2. "Native" Snackbar is available only on Android and created by Google. Other platforms use "Container" (`UIView` for iOS and MacCatalyst, `ToastNotification` on Windows).
3. `Snackbar` on Windows can't be anchored to `VisualElement` and is always displayed as a default Windows Notification.

### WinUI specifics

`ToastNotification` which is used to show `Snackbar` on Windows has 2 types of activation: foreground and background.

> Foreground activation type is used in `CommunityToolkit.Maui` library. That means the new instance of application is executed. It is up to the developer how to handle such situation. There are some proposals:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Foreground activation type is used in `CommunityToolkit.Maui` library. That means, whenever a notification is shown a new instance of application is executed. It is up to the developer how to handle such situations. Here are a few suggestions:
```

I don't know anything about this, so please check if what I corrected makes any sense :D also do we have a link to some documentation on the foreground and background activation stuff?

> 1. Use Single Application Instance.

Reviewer: Could we add a little explanation of what this should do? If you're not comfortable writing it explain to me what it does and I'll write it up :)

This means that whenever a notification is shown, it checks if there is already a process running for our app and it kills the new process that was created by the notification?

Add the next code to `Platform\Windows\App.xaml.cs`:

```csharp
static Mutex? mutex;

protected override void OnLaunched(LaunchActivatedEventArgs args)
{
    if (!IsSingleInstance())
    {
        Process.GetCurrentProcess().Kill();
    }
    else
    {
        base.OnLaunched(args);
    }
}

static bool IsSingleInstance()
{
    const string applicationId = "YOUR_APP_ID_FROM_CSPROJ";
    mutex = new Mutex(false, applicationId);
    GC.KeepAlive(mutex);

    try
    {
        return mutex.WaitOne(0, false);
    }
    catch (AbandonedMutexException)
    {
        mutex.ReleaseMutex();
        return mutex.WaitOne(0, false);
    }
}
```

> 2. Using external NuGet package.

Reviewer: Same for this one. If I use this method, what will it do?
